okay so I did a little shopping today
anticipating that I was going to be
making lasagna let me tell you what I
got here I got ground beef i'm going to
use spinach fresh spinach as well
mushrooms ricotta and provolone and my
lasagna noodles probably only need one
of these and one more thing I'm going to
slice some fresh tomatoes let's get to
it okay a little bit of olive oil start
with the onions and garlic alright
that's getting Brown at the beach now
prove it
what you think to be fully cooked
because that's going to extract all the
fat and flavor from the meat all right
I'm just going to add about a cup of
sauce yeah let that sit together while
the mushrooms are cooking and we're
gonna be ready for assembly start with
some sauce on the bottom this is gonna
be here first later it's actually gonna
be absorbed by the noodles as well then
after that we're just gonna start laying
down the noodles don't even worry about
others face together at all now we'll do
a layer of spinach this is gonna make a
nice consistent green level I'm just
putting a little bit more moisture on
top here so it sits down a bit so it
sits down a bit
and tapers wider here so I can fit
another one sideways there now i'll get
the ricotta cheese spread a layer
a little more sauce definitely looking
like lasagna put the rest of the sauce
here now I'm actually just gonna do up
put like a three-quarters cup of water
and sort of rinse my saucepan this water
will pour right over the lasagna Oh
thing I'm going to put the mushrooms on
the top of the lasagna after so I want
to save most of them for that let's just
lay these tomatoes sliced tomatoes right
on top gotta say this looks pretty good
alright so now I just want to seal in
that moisture in there so that's going
to be a dude's wasn't too
alright so now we're just like geez
that's it sprinkle a few on top put this
on grill so the cheese melts really
quickly because my daughter's come
tonight to get some fresh bread which I
will just sort of choice probably be
reinforced laces now I'm going to chop
up a little bit more of that italian
parsley I'm going to cut it with a knife
here first Oh
take out this middle piece see how that
goes
oh look at that and top it off the
garlic bread is ready as well alright we
still gotta make up the plates here okay
my daughter loves lasagna so I really
don't make this special and okay so put
a few greens need some cucumber back
their nets and chopped up a few
strawberries when i use to dressings
here one is a little balsamic just put a
touch of the raspberry dressing on top
of this I'm sorry left that was
amazing look at that
Wow one of the good things about was on
you is that it can hang out in the
fridge for a week and you've got a
ready-made microwave meal late night
snack God even breakfast kids were done
let me go don't let go love